the Nano light is a small compact flash
light that's intended for both everyday
use and tactical engagements it's
lightweight aluminum construction lends
itself well to being mounted on the
exterior of backpacks as well as
keychains where a lot of damage can
occur the three modes of operation can
be achieved by tightening the top cap to
turn the flashlight on simply rotating
it off and then on again we'll start a
new function those three functions
include high power low power and strobe
I found one way to achieve momentary on
functionality is to not tighten the top
cap all away instead put pressure on the
top cap with your forefinger like so
what gives the Nano and advantage is its
ability to use cr123 batteries so
instead of running out and buying simple
watch replacement batteries the cr123
enables the Nano to have a very
high-powered beam of light while
containing good battery life and a
standardized battery that can be
purchased almost anywhere after turning
off the Nano you'll notice the
glow-in-the-dark ring just behind the
lens on the front I don't know how long
it will last or how useful it will be
but it's just another feature they've
added for convenience what gives the
Nano and advantage is its use of the
cr123 battery which provides high power
for a very bright LED unit as well as
making it a standardized size so if you
already use tactical flashlights your
batteries will also work with this
despite its compact size I found that
the durability and quality of
construction were comparable to some
other tactical flashlight brands I've
used in the past like surefire or
streamlight it's a very durable package
and a very bright light I really enjoyed
using this on an everyday basis to find
out more information about the G&P nano
light you can find that information on
our website to diva calm as always make
sure you're playing airsoft responsibly
and safely like comment and subscribe
and we'll see you guys next time
you